Add disclaimer for outdated jira server integration docs (#11841)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/issue-tracking/jira/index.mdx

### Jira Server

<Note>

> 
> As of February 2024, Jira has discontinued support for Jira Server. Accordingly, we have stopped maintaining the docs for this integration and the information here may be out of date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

As of February 2024, Jira has discontinued support for Jira Server. Accordingly, we have stopped maintaining the docs for this integration. The instructions below may be out of date.
```
